Assignment Answers: Java ConstructorsHere are the answers to your assignment questions
regarding Java constructors:
1. What is a Constructor?A Constructor is a special block of code
that is used to initialize a newly created object. It has the same name as the class and 
looks like a method but has no return type. It is called automatically when an instance of a class is created.
2. What is Constructor Chaining?Constructor Chaining is the process of calling one constructor from another 
constructor within the same class or from the parent class. 
This is done to achieve code reusability and to initialize objects in a specific sequence using this() (for the same class) or super() 
(for the parent class).
3. Can we call a subclass constructor from a superclass constructor?
No. In Java, the flow of constructor execution always goes from the superclass to the subclass. 
A superclass is independent and has no knowledge of its subclasses, so it cannot call a subclass constructor.
4. What happens if you keep a return type for a constructor?If you add a return type (like void, int, etc.) to a constructor,
Java will no longer treat it as a constructor. Instead, it will be treated as a regular method that happens to have the same name as the class. 
Consequently, the compiler will provide a default constructor for object creation.
5. What is a No-arg constructor?A No-arg constructor is a constructor that does not accept any parameters (arguments). 
It is explicitly defined by the programmer to perform specific initialization tasks when an object is created without passing any data.
6. How is a No-argument constructor different from the default Constructor?Default Constructor: Automatically inserted by the Java compiler
if the programmer does not write any constructor. Its purpose is only to provide default values to the object.No-argument Constructor: 
Manually written by the programmer. It allows you to define custom initialization logic for objects created without arguments.
7. When do we need Constructor Overloading?
We use Constructor Overloading when we need to initialize an object in different ways depending on the data available. 
For example, a Student class might have one constructor that only takes a Name, and another that takes both Name and RollNumber.
8. What is Default constructor? Explain with an Example.A Default Constructor is a no-argument constructor that the Java compiler automatically adds to a class
if no other constructors are defined. It initializes instance variables with default values (e.g., 0 for integers, null for objects).
Example:javaclass Student {
    int id;
    String name;

    // The compiler adds a default constructor like this:
    // Student() {
    //    id = 0;
    //    name = null;
    // }
}

public class Main {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        Student s1 = new Student(); // Calls the default constructor
        System.out.println(s1.id);   // Outputs: 0
    }
}
