Java Assignment Answers
1. Why do we need static keyword in Java? Explain with an example?
The static keyword is used when a member belongs to the class rather than to individual objects.
A static variable is shared among all objects of the class. 
Static methods can be called without creating an object.

Example:
class Test {
    static int count = 0;
}
All objects of Test share the same count variable.
2. What is class loading and how does the Java program actually execute?
Class loading is the process of loading .class files into JVM memory. The JVM loads required classes using 
the Class Loader, verifies them, allocates memory, and initializes static members. After loading the main class, 
JVM calls the main() method and starts program execution.
3. Can we mark a local variable as static?
No. Local variables are created inside methods and exist only during method execution. The static keyword can only 
be used with class members (variables, methods, blocks, and nested classes), not with local variables.
4. Why is the static block executed before the main method in Java?
A static block is executed when the class is loaded by the JVM. Since the JVM must load and initialize the class before 
calling main(), static blocks execute before the main() method.
5. Why is a static method also called a class method?
A static method belongs to the class itself, not to any object. It can be called using the class name, such as Math.sqrt() 
or ClassName.methodName(). Therefore, it is called a class method.
6. What is the use of static blocks in Java?
Static blocks are used for one-time initialization of static variables, loading configuration settings, establishing database
drivers, or performing tasks that must happen when the class is loaded.
7. Difference between Static and Instance Variables
Static Variable: Belongs to the class, one copy shared by all objects, created when the class is loaded.

Instance Variable: Belongs to an object, each object has its own copy, created when the object is created.
8. Difference between Static and Non-Static Members
Static Members: Belong to the class, accessed using class name, can be used without creating an object.

Non-Static Members: Belong to objects, require object creation for access, can directly access both static and non-static members.
